I'm going to leave old Texas, Mildred Webb, Austin, March 4th, 1939.
I'm going to leave old Texas now.
They have no use for the long-horned cow.
They plowed and fenced my cattle in.
And the people there, are strange old things.
How did I yoke to the Alamo and set my face toward Mexico?
I'll spend my days on the wide wide range for the people there don't seem so strange.
The hard hard ground will be my bed and the sad old feet will hold my head.
And when I wake on from my dreams, I'll eat my bread and my sardines.
And when my work on earth is done, I'll turn with the Holy One.
I'll tell St.
Peter that I know, a cowboy soul is white as snow.
He sometimes acted like a man.